This is a head-gum original.
Right, I love that song.
It's funny it kind of grows on you.
When I first heard it, I was like, what is this garbage?
What is this?
Right.
Yeah.
Like these obviously aren't train studio musicians.
These are amateurs.
And this is this show is not an amateur hour.
This is a professional podcast.
We got to do it.
That's true.
Backed by network, which is back by a tech platform,
which is back by eating square ventures.
And I think it's the perfect time to announce Casey and I set.
Hello?
Are you kidding me?
No, I'm not doing anything important.
I'm going to see drink it.
I could.
How long is this going to go?
It's like 45 to 50 minutes.
Let's play in like five.
Or plan on me playing with you in like five minutes.
I think he's.
I'm trying to sketch it out.
I have an appointment.
Or something just came up.
Emergency.
Yeah.
You could hear the whole thing.
Obviously.
You didn't meet yourself.
You asked.
You're playing.
You said in five minutes.
In five minutes.
What are you playing?
I got to go into the metaphors for a second.
Something went wrong on this.
On the mini golf course.
There's no way.
This sucks to start.
Keep it all in.
People love to hear how the sausage gets played.
What happened to our fourth.
Fourth guest.
I feel like we were going to have Kayla Mori already on the show.
She's at a dentist appointment.
Which there's nothing more important than dental hygiene.
I'm sorry to say.
So that's a valid excuse.
Going into the metaphors is not.
Yeah.
Okay.
Should we have a surprise guest instead?
Yeah.
Who's the most famous person in your context?
Maybe Rick Fox.
But I don't really talk to him that much anymore.
Let's get him on.
That'd be good.
I feel bad because it would be kind of like a favor.
We haven't really spoken in years.
How to be a favor.
This goes out to like 40,000 people a week or something like that.
But he's really famous.
So that doesn't mean anything to him.
Was really famous.
Yeah.
What is he doing now?
What have you done for me recently, Rick?
Well, this is why I kind of don't want to write them on to the show.
Because I feel like a antagonistic attitude.
Who's the next most famous?
Ooh.
Maybe Finn Wolfhard?
Yeah.
He's been on the show.
I think you're closer to him than I am.
Yeah.
But I think he'd get more excited if you called.
That's really true.
And then we're down to like Riley.
That's a big jump.
Riley's third.
Yeah.
What about Ben Schwartz?
He blocked me.
Oh, what about?
Yeah.
I can DM with Rose.
All these people blocked me.
What about Cohen?
Cohen's the CEO of this company.
That's.
Yeah.
He's also.
He also doesn't want to be on Mike.
That's true.
That could be interesting.
Oh, really?
My cousin.
My brother.
Fuck.
Oh.
I follow Adrian Wojnorowski on Twitter.
That's not knowing someone.
He doesn't follow you back.
So you can't send him a DM.
There's no way for you to contact Woj.
This is also probably the busiest day of this year.
And be free to just start a little over 12 hours ago.
I can see that.
Caleb.
I think he's at the airport right now or on a plane.
All right.
Just some options.
We don't need to do a pre-pro meeting during the podcast, but could be interesting.
Yeah.
Well, we never do pre-pro.
I do all the fucking prep work.
And then Marieka sort of cleans up the slack on the back end.
What do you do?
On the slack end.
I show up on the day having had.
You always show up with a full stomach so that you can focus.
I show up groggy and full.
Let's start here.
Having done this show for over two years, I think.
Have you guys, what's the shortest amount of time between the when you came and then joined the record to be on the show?
When we what?
Had an orgasm.
Yeah.
Two completion in a way.
Let's just start there.
Why would we remember that?
You preface this by we've been doing this for two years.
That is actually very valid.
I was worried you guys were going to come up with like, oh, let's not talk about this.
You know, that's too personal information.
What you just said.
Definitely that.
What?
But also, but also, I don't understand how you'd expect us.
To remember something like that over a two year period.
Yeah.
I mean, just ballpark it would be good.
I know.
A day?
Why?
You asked me the fucking guest.
Why does that one always stop the show when it's tracks?
I mean, it's nothing.
I was taking a sip of coke.
It's gibberish.
Um.
I don't want to answer that question.
It feels too invasive, especially when you guys aren't sharing in a vulnerability
with me, a group mind, a high view vulnerable.
You asked us, right?
Yeah.
And then you barely answered.
I think he answered a lot actually.
Like he answered the question.
Maria?
To the best of his ability.
I'm not going to answer the question.
You know, it could be fun.
Do you guys ever read the comments the last week's episode on this week's episode?
Maria, could you want to go to the YouTube page and pull out some choice comments?
That's really fun.
There's some good ones in there.
Sure.
Yeah.
In the meantime, let's hit me with your bonds the week.
By the way, that's an inception sound effect.
I don't know why I chose that for Bond of the week.
Yeah.
So clearly I could have done a 007.
I'd watch a Chris Nolan Bond.
Hmm.
My Bond of the week.
Um.
I.
Oh my god.
Where did it go?
Great.
Got the second minute.
Here we go.
Bond of the week.
Um.
I just saw a production of Hamlet last night starring Alex Lawther of.
End of the fucking world.
Yeah.
You said that you were last six days ago.
Subway to one day is the guy bought them 11 12 19.
And the production obviously.
It was re-scheduled because of COVID.
And then I bought new tickets to the new production.
Those tickets got moved.
Like, location wise in the theater.
And then my.
A performance was canceled.
Because one of the actors got injured with like an achilles heel injury.
So then I had to reschedule it again.
Schedule it again, but I finally saw it. It was perfect. It was beautiful. I love Alex Lothar. He's a small boy
Just a frail little lad
And so I want him to be bond. I think that would be fun. How old is he?
27. Okay
I mean, who's your bond of the absolute we Kevin Durant? Why?
7 feet tall
226 pounds soaking dry with a wit so dry you can only have it on high
And as far as his weed intake, he's down to partake
Imagine a bond that gets rip roaringly high
You think that Kevin Durant should be the next James Bond because he gets high and eats dry
He's also tall and skinny, which is kind of a cool look in his suit
I guess he's stride would get him away from the other the bad guy
I heard a weed intake as weed intake like dross weed and takes
That you were saying he had really hot takes on me. So let's just talk packaging for a second
It'll be just weed and directing bond and it'll be weed and steak on bond and then
Kevin Durant KD easy money sniper will be
Sort of increasing his weed intake as bond. Yeah, so the weed intake on the weed intake. What's that?
Nothing sorry. What'd you say? I said shut up
Just when you talk it's sort of great. I want to read some comments. Yeah, let's hear some comments. Thank god
Um
Huge sick. He's gone
All right, I shouldn't do that. I didn't say that. I was about to say
That's not your fucking mug
Nazi
Jesus
I'll say it dabbing is still funny
Hit him with a dab of air
Oh
Nice, we should have dab dab yeah double dip dab what was that even the dip dab was like you put a little catch up on your elbow
And then you put a fry in your mouth and you go right
What was that 2016 or 2017 answer fast
2017 or 26
You guys have to fight
I mean should we look it up? Let's look it up. There's an answer was it on Instagram. Yeah. Yeah
I'll look it up
Because Jeff you interned
Some of 2016 and then just stuck around for the rest of the time
Let's see
There's so many photos on here. That'll be kidding me
This is valuable air time we've been doing for 2017. I'm here
I just 26
Did you say set 2017 for sure? No, I just guessed 2017. It 2016 felt a little early to me
Oh, wait, okay, it is
2012 holy show that we were five years off
July 9
2016 I see an image of a mirror holding a catch up bottle
2016. What a time to be alive. Did I do it was a great year
Do I look six to seven years younger in that picture or is it mostly similar
um
Yeah, six to seven years younger. Really? Can you send this to me? Wow. Yeah, I'll send it in the chat
I don't know where the dipdev video is though. Yeah, that might be on Twitter. Hmm
Oh
Wild
God yeah, all right, you know what? My bottom of the week is that Austin Butler
Elvis yep, did you see Elvis?
Have not seen Elvis. I've heard it's awful
My thing with Austin Butler is
seen a lot of tiktoks right of people like dissecting his voice that he did the Elvis thing and then now
He stopped talking like Elvis which is fine and honestly cool that he lost himself in the role so much
But it's time to get him out of that voice and I think that the only way is to give him another huge blockbuster role
Where he has to
Changes his voice because Elvis wouldn't do well as a double oh seven. I'm sorry to say he can't be like
He was
Sorry
I meant to start over the name was born
James Bond
I can't do the voice because I haven't spent three years preparing right right yeah
What's the song that he's like in the good who right? He's like double loser
I'm gonna kill myself
I don't know enough about all this
Or I can't do enough about Elvis but I do feel like I should see this movie because KC
Producer KC and LA was radicalized by it. I think according to his letter boxed
Did he like it or was he the one who said that it's time to admit that bad lyrman's not a good director?
I love he find his reviews
Because he saw he saw Elvis
He liked and yeah, he saw Elvis and he liked it. He said let's see
Well his review for Elvis was just I love this movie and all my friends hated it but then
He watched the movie rush
Which is about F1 yeah, and it's a dock you. I like a biopic type thing
And hold on his review for that made me laugh really hard
Because it was I'm fully into F1 now, so I watched this but I also just watched Elvis tonight and this movie is too normal and I got bored
Yeah, I don't know
Would you rather like a movie that everybody hated or hate a movie that everyone liked the first
Because yeah, because when you're liking something yeah, but then everyone else hates it and they're like why do you like what is thing?
It's better than feeling insane because you think something's bad
Yeah, and I was just like it's good, which is how I feel a lot of the time
That's how I felt about everything everywhere all at once. Oh
Interesting you enjoyed I was an island man because I was like I thought it was good
And I get why like I can understand why people like it and I don't feel insane
I know that it's my hot take but that movie was 45 minutes too long and with the density of the material
It really needed to be shorter
Go on I don't know I think it was like
It was fine the moral of the story was so simple that it didn't need the extra 45 minutes to get to that end
Like when it's divided and chapters so you know how much longer there's going to be and then once it got to like all at once or whatever
I was like there's another half hour
But then like I went with my friend AJ and I was like here's like 20 thing and I was like I thought I was like
Kind of went off on and he's like oh, I liked it and I was like I'm sorry
Yeah, story story of my life like I really loved tenet and everyone a lot of people
I feel fine. I feel fine in my love of tenet, but like I
I
I don't know what a reason one is that I hated I hated top god not maverick top and maverick good time
Great vibes, but the original top god. I hated so much and
felt insane
Knowing that there's just people that love that movie
Yeah
Major killer if you don't like your title
You're entitled
to create a new one
Right, you know
I was gonna get to it. Yeah, I'm curious if you don't like your title you're entitled
I don't want
wondering what that means
Meghan Markle
Will now henceforth call herself white
Say that again?
Meghan Markle will call herself white
How do you spell that P w i f e
It's like that's her yeah, that's her name no that's her title
It stands for polo wife
polo
meaning
Hang up the sport
Or the type of shirt
I didn't do enough for the support. Do you didn't do enough you just did it seems like you just read a headline
Getting to spend time together over these two months was so special she said in an Instagram caption
I wish everyone knew the way you are. This is her sister. I guess my sister my now fellow
Pwife polo wife
Genius of you to come up with this cry laugh emoji
I guess they play polo a lot
So she's a fellow white
Basically it was it was Markle's you know version of what I like to call a new name alert which is when you tell people hey
I'm changing my name you may now refer to me. It's us
I was wondering if you guys wanted to hit us with a new name alert which is similar to a major killer
And I don't have a sound for it. So I'll just go new name alert. I'm thinking Desmond
For her for me. We're always are oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's quite a weird Instagram, right? Rodney's played out. It's still will be
But I'm wondering how Desmond might fit me
I want both of you to die
I don't think the names are bad man. I'm sorry you want us dead
You want to kill yourself you're having a rough go of it. The Rodney the Desmond they're all not good
Jeff is fine. I don't think you can pull it off
Desmond no
I think you have the balls too and I think you have the gals too
I have the gals stones
Sea kelp
Just like I'm I'm gonna strike a pose and then you guys just in your mind think of me. Oh my god. There goes Desmond
Okay
No
Mama there goes that does I
Think you could be like a
Lysha
No
Absolutely not
What about um, what about Jeff Fetterman?
Is that a middle name or a last
Is it hyphenated? That's a last you know like some married couples are like oh instead of like taking your name or vice versa or a hyphenating
Let's just create a new last name
Never really
Well, I was thinking I could do that as a single man
Jeff Fetterman
Um, I don't think you need you
You guys come up with something then this is hard. I think I feel like
Reading YouTube comments. No, I mean you guys never but the new name for you instead of a mirror what if it was fucking
Me second
What about
The best you could do is a rod trick broad trick
uh
Like Matthew
Actually that could be good for america if it's BR-O-A-D Rick so you it's like your Rick for sure
But you're also a broad a damn
broad Rick
Jeff I think you should be
No, with one for when you
No, not to but I think you could be like a wind threat
A wind threat
wind drop
Yeah, but don't say it like that. I don't want hop in my name nobody wants to have a hop
What about a wind drop head so I changed my name to wind drop and then I'm like
the LA times newest opinion writer
Easter egg
We do have to take a short break. This is just
Brad's yeah, yeah, we don't know
And now a word from our sponsor better help
Guys you can take care of your mind in so many ways whether that's getting active
resting and relaxing seeing friends and family taking a long walk
And how well would you take care of your car if you had to keep the same one for your entire life
Right? That's how our brains work. So why don't we treat them that way?
How we care for our minds affects how we experience life so it's important to invest time and care into keeping them healthy
There are plenty of ways to support a healthy brain like learning a new language or taking power naps
And there's also better help online therapy
I go to therapy every week
Makes me a better person not that this show is any indication
And I think everybody who has access to it and better help makes it easier should be in therapy
So you can show up for those around you in a better healthier happier way
Better help is online therapy that offers video phone and even live chat sessions with your therapist
So you don't have to see anybody on camera if you don't want to it's also much more affordable than in person therapy
And you can be matched with a therapist in under 48 hours
So guys if you're going through something or not
Reach out you could have your first therapy session this week
Listeners of the headgon podcast also get 10% off their first month at better help.com slash what's that?
Again, that's better help
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that thanks better home
Usually nothing happens in those ad breaks, but I'm here just got mad at me asking if you needed to go to the bathroom
You said you don't use the facilities ever
I said I could fucking hold it and by the way I I pissed during the first act
Just as if you can't hold it you just pissed yourself also way too comfortable being yourself
I have a little
Situation going on underneath my desk a Liam Neeson type thing
Can I pitch another name for a mirror? Yes, grammar C
He doesn't even live in New York grammar C bloom in the felled
No, you sent a gram mercy
My sin gram mercy
Just the first thing that was first and last I am gram gram mercy
Sorry, I guess
Um, I like that one a lot
Try it on for a good I'm here
Hey, nice to meet you. I'm gram
No, you can't you know a shorten it. It's too sexy
Hey, how's it going? I'm gram mercy
No way this is not
um
For Marika what about um
What about red
Red
Arey d yeah like a Panama red
Hmm
No, no, I don't like that we have to move on
Um
Go gram mercy
Gram mercy your chick cheese dough thirsty
I mean that too seat Mazda with my dog is trying to hurt me
How did you have that on the ready
No, that is
Mazda
It's a car
No, she went the song
No, thank me chill out man
All right, welcome to interest me or no
No, you only have one option here we go
Listen a lot of what we talk about on the show is not interesting to me
Right, so I thought that we could switch things up this week
This is a game four five hundred dollars cash and you keep it
I'm not even fucking joking this time
I am in the process of moving which is very expensive so if you want to send it back that'd be welcome
But it's up to you this time
I'm gonna always up to us yeah
I would have kicked your ass if we went to the same high school
We went to the same high school. It was just 21 years apart really
I'm gonna set a timer and one like individually you guys are gonna have to keep me interested
Right and the person who does it longest wins
I will say much like an eBay bidding war there is a reserve if you don't make it past two minutes
You don't get any cash ready
Okay, let's start with america three two one
Can you explain to me the watch industry?
You guys get multiple tries at this by the way three tries. I'm here ready three two
I don't know what the game is like you didn't lost with you lost me that was that round was a wash
Right, I think we can all agree that round was a wash
We're supposed to say things that are interesting you're supposed to regale us
Be a racon tour for once in your goddamn life. You wonder why true TV passed on three pilots from your ass
It's cuz you can't keep people in the room
Executives
Focus groups
Network testing it all went to shit and now's your chance to redeem your ass. There's no way this will redeem me
Marika three two one watches. Can you explain them to me in great detail just how much they cost?
What one I should buy potentially if I were to get into watches Jeffrey
Please oh you wanted to be a conversation. Yeah
Can it be
I lost it just
It's supposed to be sort of a monologue
Let's tell us that was not that was not conveyed
I'm here your turn you cannot I can't say anything you just have to keep me interested here we go three two one
checkers
Chess
Part cheesy
What are these three games having common
It's it's the CH of it all baby check mate cheese you think about these three things working together in Congress
CON yeah
Yes, that's right away
What do you think racers goes so well with cheese again? It's all the same thing
It's all the noises of the words more so than you know
Yeah, so for example, I want to make a sandwich or even a deck of cards
What are you starting with two slices of four clubs a turkey club, right? It's all right same
And in between that what's that what's that same same
Lost me I'm sorry, but the time to beat is a minute you can still win without getting cash
We are in round three final round
Marika monologue. I cannot answer questions, but you can keep me interested. I think three two one go
Vin Diesel works the room just absolutely unhinged
And they're coming off of Vin Diesel here
Like late show staffers like they're in the fast family claiming that James Gordon is conquered America and hinting at secret three
I am songs he in court and recorded in his home studio which by the way if you haven't listened to Vin Diesel
Sogots insane
When his new music coming feel like I do can't be the song of the summer three years in a row
The book is really London has been phenomenal by the way only tremeous folks for the big live audience
Rack and two
Yeah, yeah, stop stop stop
Are you reading an article? Yeah, of course
Vulture
The biggest quarry case personality has to be original
It obviously has to be original obviously never is qualified disqualified
All right, I'm you're already won, but let's see if you can get to the two minutes it takes to get met
$500 to
three two one
Let's play a game me versus myself and I
A one one on one. I'm gonna think of any number in between in one and 50 and I have to guess it
Okay, ready. This is so boring. 47
What's up the number plus it was 44
What's that because I didn't think of it
I'm trying to I'm trying to guess what I thought of two seconds ago, but I already forgot what it was 42
You had me you had me in the first half not gonna lie those sort of a game. Yeah, yeah, and I like that you were playing against what was it you yourself and I
But um
You kind of got to you real bit Marie, but you can't let these distractions because when you're out in the real world when you're in the pitching room
When you're in the writers room people are gonna be distracting you on purpose so that you don't get what you want
So you need to be able to take those punches on the chin
I just think you're a board little man
Nothing interests you for long
And that's you are interesting
For all for at all
That fucking hurt take here
Sorry
Don't be
Take another break
What
Guys why should you get life insurance right valid question? Here's the answer in an unpredictable economy life
Insurance can offer peace of mind that anyone who relies on you financially a child a parent or even a business partner
We'll have a financial cushion if something happens to you. I've been trying to get Jake and a mirror to do this because
I really do think that a mirror is on the verge of death
That's where policy genius comes in policy genius is an insurance comparison website that makes it easy to compare quotes from top companies like
AIG and potential in one place to find your lowest price
You could say 50% or more on life insurance by comparing quotes with policy genius just click the link in the description or
Head to policy genius dot com slash what's that to get personalized quotes in minutes and find the right policy to fit your needs
The licensed agents at policy genius work for you not the insurance companies
They're on hand through the entire process to help you understand your options
So you can make decisions with confidence
Policy genius also doesn't add on any extra fees. They're just there to help you get the lowest possible quote
So go ahead to policy genius dot com slash what's that to get your free life insurance quote and see how much you could save
Again policy genius dot com slash what's that? Thanks policy genius
oh
If I didn't meditate on a daily basis, I would probably do something violin towards him here
You're mad dude
I know you're mad man
I'm not I'm gonna say
Yeah, you're mad. It's a good thing. That's not means average. Oh half glass full
Glass half full glass in the mid mid could be
Glass half full which is positive
This is actually sucks. I'm gonna bring this back in the break in a different way
You're mad I'm here's mad
That's what I said to you now nobody's gonna hear that I
Called you mad and you
You cut you cut it out so you can bring us back from break and call me mid
You're mad you're mad you're mad you're mad you're mad what about your mad
For my name yeah
That's right. Yeah, all right full steam ahead. It's time to do
An Instagram deep dive on all three of you including Kayla who bailed on this episode baila
Kayla nice, but she bailed so it's like bail as her nickname. Okay
Sorry, let me cute this up should have done this in the at break honestly
Yeah, or um all right, so this is again. Yeah, like I said an Instagram deep dive on your guys
It's stuff maybe stuff that you didn't remember you'd posted stuff that might get you in trouble in a couple seconds here
Let's start with the mirror
Care to explain
Travel changes to you. Oh, this is fake. It's not fake
It's taken from June 18
Pretty recent also
That's a picture of me
In Moscow now
Now that was me in Winnipeg you photo-shopped it and you placed me in Russia recently
Travel changes you as you move through life in the world you change things slightly you leave marks
Behind however small in in return by the way that's an Anthony boarding quote and you did not credit him
I didn't write that you this whole thing this whole thing is photo shots. I never
I didn't post that
I'm trying logic to me. Not really. Yes, it is you just you it's on it's on the web people can see it and you're still saying
This doesn't exist
It exists be yeah because you photos. It exists. I know that's exactly right. I'm gonna edit the second part of that sentence out it exists and you did that
Maria, what are your thoughts you just don't want to work here
Why would you quit based on why would she work for a rush a sympathizer
I
Don't well, I mean first of all the screenshot that you have shows me liking this photo, so
I logic if I
I find what's the photo, but I don't remember this photo being posted. I do remember a
Photo from me are wearing that outfit in a different location
Winnipeg Canada
Well, let's take a deeper dive into Marieka's Instagram
Do it
Mayus
Care to explain
What's the caption say when it post for the nuncheon nasties
Was it a date on this
Yeah, the date couldn't be neatly. Sorry. I think it was January 6th or 7. Oh
2016 no
Yeah, this is not basically Photoshop
A photo of me pretty comfortable birthday at the insurrection
But I'm kind of like in the corner it looks like I would have been on like someone's head or something
Well, it looks like you're having the time your life and that's what I think you should with because
This was as you said an insurrection this was in it
Yeah, mm-hmm and attempted coup of the government
I'm really tall
Acuda the tata
There's no worries
After January 6
Yeah, I don't know. I mean I could definitely like proof where I was on January 6
Um
Melting into this I'm never seen her. She's barely in the frame anymore
She's Alex Mac turning into a puddle of liquid before our very eyes you know when people are always like I'm a trained police officer
I know how to read people
I don't talk to cop. You don't
That's good, but I was gonna say I don't even have to be trained which whatever to know that you're lying because you're melting
Like you're actually lying
The weight could weight which of head gummies. What's good? Oh, it's rude. Um, yeah, obviously it was and then Kayla
That was similar. Yeah, I see
The crown at 50 Bowery Kayla sunset and my best friend and then who's that exactly? That's Ezra Miller
Who's been accused of assaulting people physically at bars throughout the world for the better part of a decade. I see
So this is not a good look for Moriarty
And I you have to assume that
Ezra
Punch somebody at this bar in Kayla beard witness to it and post for a photo in smiled
Uh
I'm not gonna assume that
Then I did tell her that I would defend her honor
I don't believe she's friends with Ezra Miller. I also like
I feel wasn't he in Hawaii for a decent amount of this time out know how he would have gotten to the crown at 50 Bowery
Um
They've a lot of money. She's they can go anywhere in the world. She's never she's never mentioned
Being best friends with Ezra Miller and I feel you know Kayla
Kayla's pretty humble, right? So I don't think that she would come out at a gate swinging. Hey, I'm friends with one of the stars of a perks of being a wallflower
Uh, I do feel like she would call that out if that were the case
Um, I feel like she talks about some of her other friends enough. So
Yeah, I'm gonna go at this is also a photo shot
You guys aren't any fun
Meeting
Sometimes you just have to wait for the sound cues
Um, plugs I guess
Yeah, so uh follow me on TikTok. I'm on
YouTube Insta Twitter and
We are going to Montreal y'all
Yeah, so we're taking me to calm for tickets to that live podcast July 27th I believe tickets are still available or is this say in France?
Do be a see-vous play
Do you take it, please?
Peace out, and we'll see you soon. Namaste.
That'll be fun. I can give you I have five Canadian dollars that I don't need so I'll give that to you at some point to take with you.
Tell me on Twitter and Instagram
Savage Fenty he said
Homey on Twitter Instagram and letter boxed at Marie Gayline where you can see that I was not at the insurrection
Um, also
Listen to some of the newer headgum podcasts. You've been around with young Wayne
True story with the taken share role
Yeah
You're doing it me
I'm sort of trying out this since it's like part of the video to try to be more engaged with the
I like final hour right sort of like
I'm trying like bring the energy up because you're kind of a poison to show so I'm trying to be like
No peace out later later later later like kind of like
You know
It's like
MTV VJ style like yeah, I peace out later guys. I love that for you. That's really it's really grandma see of you
That's so grand mercy
At Jeff we already on Twitter and the headgum sketches are back. We released the video
Earlier this week that I referenced earlier so I guess people
It'll already be out. Yeah, let's come out. Let go check that out youtube.com slash headgum subscribe for
Bye weekly videos every other Tuesday
sketches like Jeffy the dumbass
Bye weekly videos
Hey, so that was a good actually
We haven't struck lightning in a bottle with this show in a couple weeks and it's not all my fault
That's because I'm back
Didn't happen this week
I photo-shopped
Sorry, I pulled things for your Instagram so you guys barely reacted
That was a good segment
Yeah, thank you
Thank you guys. Oh, yeah
Stop
I was kind of like with us fine
Yeah, I didn't like the rules of the monologueing keep your interest one
So it felt like all of my ideas that every turn were
Throwing back at me and I was just qualified for them
We never did read the
YouTube comments
one
I'll find another one
Let's see
Maybe that could be a new segment
Everyone in the headgum slack votes on the best comment
And so we could say this is a favorite comment
Let's start the next week. Yeah, sure that was sorry um and
You say shut up a lot for a host
You're actually tell us to quiet down or the show was bad
Well, it's hard, right because I thought I
Study the greatest all the time
Yeah, and Johnny cars study murder the recruitment rate. I would say
David later. They interview. They're great interiors. Conan's a great interviewer and do they do they ever tell their guests to shut up?
Do they ever say have they ever tried?
But you have to bring your own flavors what I have gone first two people you mentioned are dead
So when you say they haven't done that yet, that's it for them. What they've done is done
Study what they do and try to replicate it. They never tell their guests to shut up. They never say that this episode was bad
They never did but what if Merve Griffin out of fucking podcast
He wouldn't do this you don't think his patients would run thin if he had you as a guest
I don't really
Yeah, why is that that part of being a host is dealing with whoever the guy?
Correct
Well, I have you on almost every week and I get tired of you
Okay, so I'm gonna bite me back. I want to
You want to have me on or you want to not have me on shut up shut up
I bore of you
I don't have stamina for a mirror
Or you want you don't you owe him five hundred dollars?
No, you didn't make it past the two minutes. I said there was a reserve
Yeah, how hard is it to interest someone for two minutes?
Haven't you ever been at a dinner party? It's hard to interest you for a two minute
Me I feel no what happened was you guys felt put on the spot and you didn't have anything to talk about
Maybe that's something you can work on as come to the show with some a talking point. That's what people do on talk shows
Well, I will say that
Not to pull one of the
Naked of comments from last week's episode, but someone said in this rare occasion
Marie gaps lately tanked the show talking way too much
So that's a note that I took personally
Absolutely tanked
Is still there and he watched the whole thing. Yeah, probably
So we'll see you guys again next week. That's all for this week's episode
I promise the next week is gonna be better. I think we should do it in studio
I think who do you think should be on it? I think it should be you
Merv and
Hurty
Merv
With an F and a V
Merv the fur f
What's he guys then that's does folks?
Yeah
That was a hit dumb original